then we've got one lived in them so and
if we were to divide that into two it'd
be like Molly bdellium Molly
Denham okay well I've got it I've got a
nice and Molly's I'm thinking of my
niece called
it's her middle name be no well can we
pretend it is yes there's only be good
Johnny be good
Molly Molly be and then denim for like
denim she's wearing jeans nearly be
denim Tim you've got two tin cans I'm
gonna crawl through tin cans to see the
anti-money the anti-money protesting
yeah when we get to the end
yeah tell you Ian but they're a bit like
telescopes and but there's a kind of us
get the other end so tell you these
things about telescopes like a it's a 10
boring thing okay and who are we gonna
meet we're gonna need the auntie mummy
that's great and so now we've got a
really bizarre set of elements core
things like moon theum and goun goun
opium and stuff so a lot easy trium quad
pent packs saps ox nice but it's but
it's good yeah and so so country um
there's three paper in the piece yeah
I'm thinking the three little pigs yeah
yeah I'm genuinely nervous about
actually leaving up here and being able
to do it
enjoy the process of Rico that's very
important it's as soon as you get
anxious you begin to panic can you begin
thing that caesium yes not should we go
do this should we going yeah this to the
tap yes that's okay
[Music]
and so the moment of truth
hydrogen I shouldn't have too many
problems with the first 20 elements
helium chlorine neat potassium calcium
is the other 98 I'm gonna struggle with
here we go stand him yep titanium
vanadium
Cobalts I'm wandering back through the
zoo replaying my memories hello memory
otter our strong man fighting a
brontosaurus was strontium okay I think
this is too easy probably to go in order
and what I'm gonna do is I just kind of
completely randomized it so this could
be much more difficult and you need to
know the exact number so I'm gonna dive
in to begin with on number 80
remember 80 is mercury let's have a look
about that that is correct and how about
118 118 okay I'm in the pigsty and an
onion op tiem
I'm thinking to the pigs that is that's
absolutely right eggs there's the last
Pig three little pigs going through to
the end
40s we're in the mouse house Mouse
muesli what's the name of that niobium
then we went to my niece she's wearing
jeans nearly be denim molybdenum okay 51
is in the tin tunnel with the anti-money
protesters antimony let's have a look
very good that's awesome months of it
down to the last one you could look if
you want to see it it's a hundred and
four what is behind 104 104 fell flat
nation okay
Rutherford iam
is that correct there it is
Clara that's a hundred and eight taking
after 180 that is super impressive
you